update navigation instructions in dashboard for new sso connections page (#1578)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/saml/authentication-flows.mdx

---

> title: SAML SSO (enterprise connections) authentication flows

Reviewer: How about keeping it as it was? SAML already implies enterprise, as we're also mentioning the new flow below.

Author: that's fine

To allow IdP-initiated flows for your Enterprise Connection:

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/SSO-connections).
1. In the top navigation, select **Configure**. Then in the sidebar, select **SSO Connections**.
1. Select the **Add connection** button, and select **For specific domains**.

> 1. Select the identity provider (IdP) you want to enable IdP-initiated flow for.
> 1. Select the **Advanced** tab.
> 1. Toggle on **Allow IdP-Initiated flow**.

Reviewer: The connection must be created first, to enable IdP-Initiated afterward:
```suggestion
1. Select the identity provider (IdP), enter the connection details, and then select the “Add connection” button.
1. On the connection page, select the **Advanced** tab.
1. Toggle on **Allow IdP-Initiated flow**.
```
